going on an adventure I've never been in
the subway station before but it is more
futuristic and it's clean less like
Lexington and 68 it so on
[Music]
we are on Roosevelt Island it's
basically a strip of land to the east of
Manhattan so we're here to see a cat
sanctuary and other things I mean the
other things don't matter as much and
then maybe we can talk about some
topical things like YouTube D
monetization guys we made it look how
pretty it is right there is the Chrysler
Building so weird it's almost like I
don't recognize Manhattan from this side
what is this place
well you this tall green grass so
familiar I grew up around this or
something
[Music]
okay so this is Long Island City and if
you go more this way I obviously here
for the cats apparently there are cats
somewhere but apparently there's a very
well-known abandoned smallpox Hospital
here and it's super creepy we just
arrived looking what I look like
oh my gosh oh my gosh why are the
squirrels so friendly Wow
[Music]
hey oh my gosh hi hi Oh what this is
just so beautiful I think I lost John in
the woods there I could not believe that
squirrel Heights quail
hey squirrel hi hi what's up Margo John
I just want you to yeah oh you had the
GoPro I just want you to react to this
picture you gotta be freaking kidding me
no that's the vision that's ever
happened to any person what's up what's
up hi
[Music]
Roosevelt there was one point where it
just stopped super high and it was
swinging for like are you alarmed and it
was kind of terrifying everyone was
screaming and like this isn't normal but
we survived fantastic time at Roosevelt
Island John fantastic idea so there's
this kid named Elliott a while back he
DM me on Twitter and I was like you know
I'm a young content creator on YouTube I
watched his videos I was super impressed
he was coming in town to New York City
with his parents and actually met up
with him for coffee and then my mom
followed his mom on Twitter it's kind of
like this internet relationship and so
I've kind of been following what he's up
to online Elliott just sent me a letter
in a very impressive package basically
his school does an internship thing
during the month of January and was like
yo let me intern for you and do video
stuff and run errands to sweet green but
this package Congrats on the new studio
but wait aren't you missing something a
free peachy intern wait for it there's
like his whole freakin bio there he sent
peach cookies missing free peachy intern
turn it over house booster board will
travel the nutrition ingredients interns
like me it can offer insane value
increase productivity and
hands perspective provide low-cost hell
and give an opportunity to support
students John Eliot dude appreciate you
thank you my dog come on bad bro
let's do the cookie test how are they
John good Hey oh yeah we'll see if we
can work this out it is already 9:00
p.m.
somehow that hard at work but honestly
it has been such a fun day now I want to
have a little combo with a special guest
[Music]
yeah how weird is that
welcome to my crib oh is yours your the
hoodie that you made this is part of the
collection yeah Sam Shepard eggs I'm
talking dolla dolla bills Ln a corner
close to do
classic okay so I am a hither because
I've been seeing on Twitter that your
videos have been de monetized so many
times it's every video I'm up to like I
think it's like 14 or 15 videos in a row
and like I don't know what it is I've
tried everything you should try this
I've tried uploading unlisted waiting
bla bla bla
it's not like it happens right away I
could like upload a video at 8 o'clock
at night and then overnight it gets T
monetized when your video gets d
monetized you can click submit for
manual review and then if the video has
over a thousand views someone will
manually check it within seven days
every time I click that button to submit
for review it gets ramana ties but I'm
just I'm baffled as to why no
exaggeration every single video I upload
get steamed on a time and for context
what monetizing a video is is basically
you're saying I allow Google to run ads
on this video you get a chunk of money
say your video gets like 40,000 views
maybe that's like 80 bucks and so why
this is such a big deal is a lot of
youtubers make their living and that's
how they make income is monetizing their
videos and like honestly I haven't had
anything really so I've had one video do
you monetize but it was a year ago and
it had to do with the One World Trade
Center so a lot of the conversation is
like okay you have these channels that
cover news that's why philip defranco
has such an issue with it and it goes
back to like advertisers should know
what they're advertising on okay but all
of this chaos started with honestly
PewDiePie right first of all I was like
okay well it seems like a lot of people
who aren't in like multi-channel
networks for getting hit I'm not
offended yeah you're not an MCN I am but
then people who are still in MGM's are
getting hit breasts the other thing was
like oh well when people don't have
their videos they get hit by the back
because youtube doesn't know what to
grab on to so it's like I'm scared of
this video
from my perspective anything and
everything I do doesn't matter the video
will get to monetize it
I don't curse in my videos there's no
lewd content it's family-friendly and
the best part it doesn't tell you
specifically why your it would help it
would be so helpful if they're like you
said there's no communication one thing
I did want to kind of touch on is a lot
of creators who are just starting out on
YouTube on a platform are getting really
discouraged by this I'm getting do you
monetize yeah and getting do you
monetize is like 50 years when you're
just starting out when you're making
videos were the number one reason is
just making dope videos and getting eyes
on it I didn't monetize my channel until
literally I didn't have my how-to Casey
nice set of log monetize until 500 kV
Wow my priority the first three years of
YouTube was like I mean as many eyes
wanna get your foot in the door scribe
people coming straight to your
personality to your uniqueness your
skills your knowledge it is right and
the most important thing and that's
gonna sound like a very Gary Vaynerchuk
thing is attention like you are
straight-up selling attention long story
short there's a ton of uncertainty but I
just want to put this dude in my videos
because he has a patreon page now people
monetize in so many different ways and I
believe if you have a passion if you
have an art forum and you're stoked on
it to find a way to monetize it there's
like literally no shame in that here's
what I'll say about the whole patreon
thing like Andrew Wong does patreon
Captain disillusion does patreon there's
so many amazing creators that that do
patreon it's in kind of a strange
territory but I look at it as like go to
restaurant and go to a bar you tip your
uber driver it's just like it's a way
that your audience can directly give you
money it's the same way people buy
Peachy Murphy the same way you will go
to a concert knowing that like yeah
Ticketmaster and all their fees but like
you know that you paying money to see
someone perform do something they are
getting paid for it right
Sam's YouTube channel patreon check this
dude out and hopefully over time there
will be more communication I don't think
YouTube is going anywhere but music
I'm not it's coming from a place as
youtubers of like we love you too we
just want more communication we want
this to be fixed I just also wanted to
say like to people who are on the
come-up in terms of algorithm in terms
of monetization do not be discouraged in
the beginning just because of this
because your main priority in the
beginning you should be making money
will come if you're stoked on it you are
talented it will come and honestly quick
sidenote on the algorithm the algorithm
is the only reason why new youtubers are
gaining some stars right that should be
something if you're new that should be
encouragement if YouTube was just about
the subscription box and youtubers that
were popular 7 years ago would be the
only youtubers Worstell that's right so
yeah go subscribe to Sam it's always fun
to kind of like dig into the
technicalities yeah but let's let's just
let's just say here let's revisit this
topic maybe in the beginning of 2018 to
see if anything's changed
I'll give it three months but let's give
it a couple months let's see if YouTube
says anything I highly doubt they will
but for now it's just like upload and
pray Sam it's good to see the studio
actually with art and oh my gosh did
that really just happen live yeah while
you're recording did you just have a
nice nap oh my god you're okay okay Wow
not even a stuff it's the ceramic all
right Ram it Wow oh my god Sarah oh my
god how did that even happen just let's
put this back on your wrist oh my god so
obviously if you want to see super cute
photogenic squirrels go to Roosevelt
Island you see that Instagram it was
like perfect it was like Sarah we know
that squirrel was like climbing on
people and stuff did you feed it but it
thought I had kids so I just sat there
and started knew who was going yeah yeah
yeah yeah exactly right thank you guys
so much for hanging out with me today
say my sign-off where we say when we say
let me know if you like hit the
subscribe button down below for new
videos every single weekend PG ok bye
[Music]